Cxp 657 new connect menu (#484)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/events-api/introduction.md

You are probably asking yourself a ton of questions about our Events API, that's why we made this article.

::: warning

> The Events API feature is only available since the **5.0 version** and for **SaaS** customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Events API feature is only available in the **5.0 version** and higher and for **SaaS** customers.
```
